project-planning/development-strategy.md, before:

# Development Strategy

> `Databases Module`

## Project Name : Quiz-app-with-sqlite-and-nodejs

---

### WIREFRAME

![wireframe](/wireframe-1.png)

---

## 0. Set-Up

_A User can see my initial repository_

> Assign to **Oguz**

### Repository

- Created a new repository to fork from this [repository](https://github.com/HackYourFutureBelgium/restful-chinook)
- Cloned the repository
- Created the development strategy
- Pushed the changes to GitHub
- Turned on GitHub Pages

---

## 1. HTML - CSS

__As a user I want to see the initial page when I load the site__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `html-css`.

### Task A

- Create HTML

### Task B

- Create CSS style

---

## 2. Route-getAll method

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `get-all`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 3. Route-getOne method

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `get-one`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 4. Route-create method

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `create`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 5. Route-update method

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `update`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 6. Route-delete method

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `delete`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 7. Display Handler

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `display`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 8. Answer Handler

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `answer`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 9. Next Handler

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `next`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 10. Deploying

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### Tasks

- 

---

## 11. Finish

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### Tasks

- Checked if there are bugs on all part.

Commit message:

completed development strategy for step 2 and 3 closed #4

project-planning/development-strategy.md, after:

# Development Strategy

> `Databases Module`

## Project Name : Quiz-app-with-sqlite-and-nodejs

---

### WIREFRAME

![wireframe](/wireframe-1.png)

---

## 0. Set-Up

_A User can see my initial repository_

> Assign to **Oguz**

### Repository

- Created a new repository to fork from this [repository](https://github.com/HackYourFutureBelgium/restful-chinook)
- Cloned the repository
- Created the development strategy
- Pushed the changes to GitHub
- Turned on GitHub Pages

---

## 1. HTML - CSS

__As a user I want to see the initial page when I load the site__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `html-css`.

### Task A

- Create HTML

### Task B

- Create CSS style

---

## 2. Route-getAll method

__As a user, I can see all track Api's__

> Assign to **Oguz**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `get-all`.

### Tasks

- Completed get-all method for route
- Customized the table to make it easier to work on

---

## 3. Route-getOne method

__As a user, I can see a specific track using the track id of the table __

> Assign to **Oguz**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `get-one`.

### Tasks

- Competed get-one method for route

---

## 4. Route-create method

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `create`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 5. Route-update method

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `update`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 6. Route-delete method

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `delete`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 7. Display Handler

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `display`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 8. Answer Handler

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `answer`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 9. Next Handler

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `next`.

### Tasks

- 

---

## 10. Deploying

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### Tasks

- 

---

## 11. Finish

__As a user, ...__

> Assign to **...**

### Tasks

- Checked if there are bugs on all part.
